Use urls instead of tabs for main layout (#230)
equinor/webviz-config: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [UNRELEASED] - YYYY-MM-DD

### Changed

- [#230](https://github.com/equinor/webviz-config/pull/230) - Instead of using

> `dcc.Tabs` to give the impression of a "multi page app", webviz now uses `dcc.Link` and

Reviewer: Alternatively multi-page (https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/multipage)
```suggestion
`dcc.Tabs` to give the impression of a "multipage app", webviz now uses `dcc.Link` and
```

`dcc.Location`. This has two main advantages: Big applications can have significantly
faster loading time, as only callbacks on selected "page" fire initially. In addition,
the user can navigate with forward/backward buttons in browser, as well as getting

> an URL they can share with other in order to point them to the correct "page". Plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an URL they can share with others in order to point them to the correct "page". Plugin
```
